Skyii Features
--------------
Here are the features and advantages you get by using Skyii-

1. Pretty URLs enabled for frontend, backend, API and modules.
    No more web or index.php in the URL. All URLs are neat and clean out of the box.

2. Backend can be accessed by /admin.
    Access the backend as /admin or you can even modify the name as per your need.

3. Gii is enabled for frontend and backend in 'dev' environment.
    Gii is enabled by default without you worrying about setting it up in the config.

4. Custom Gii templates to generate more code than a default Gii generator.
    Our custom Gii templates generates the CRUD according to AdminLTE layout. It also adds a datepicker to date fields
    automatically. CRUD generated by our custom templates will not have useless columns on your forms like created at 
    and updated at fields. We have made the Gii more smart for your need.

5. Debug bar is enabled for frontend and backend in 'dev' environment.
    Debug bar is enabled out of the box.

6. RESTful API structure and API versioning is configured.
    API folder structure and configuration is setup and ready to use.

7. JSON formatter for API response is enabled out of the box.
    We use jSON formatter by default for all the API responses.

8. User module with ready to use RBAC (Role Based Access Control).
    Very commonly used User module is packaged with Skyii.

9. Configurations managed according to 'dev' and 'prod' environment.
    We have the configurations managed according to environment. This is very easy and we recommend you to use these.
